Update the Passport customization plan so the main content area uses five core tabs:

- Postcards
- Memories
- Plans
- Stamps
- Map

GOAL

Reduce visual overload by keeping heavy Passport content inside tabs instead of stacking every section vertically.

The Passport structure should be:

1. Full-width customizable Passport header
2. Separate compact stats/counter row
3. Customizable Passport tab bar
4. Active tab content

DEFAULT TAB ORDER

Postcards | Memories | Plans | Stamps | Map

TAB CUSTOMIZATION

Inside the owner-only "Customize Passport" mode, add a "Rearrange Tabs" section.

Users should be able to drag and reorder the five tabs into any order they prefer.

Examples:

Memories | Postcards | Stamps | Plans | Map

or

Map | Plans | Postcards | Memories | Stamps

The user's saved order should determine the order shown on their public Passport.

Save this preference to the user's server-side Passport layout configuration so it persists across devices.

Do not store tab order only in local storage.

TAB SWAPPING UX

In Customize Passport mode:

- Show all five tabs as draggable items.
- Add a visible drag handle.
- Allow drag-and-drop reordering.
- Add Move Left / Move Right controls for accessibility.
- Show a live preview of the tab bar.
- Support Save, Cancel, and Reset to Default.

Do not require the user to leave the Passport page to rearrange tabs.

PUBLIC PASSPORT

Visitors should see the Passport tabs in the exact order chosen by the Passport owner.

The public view should not show any edit, drag, or customization controls.

ACTIVE TAB BEHAVIOR

When the user changes tab order, preserve the current active tab by tab ID rather than by tab position.

Example:

If "Stamps" is currently active and the user moves Stamps from position 4 to position 1, Stamps should remain active.

Do not accidentally switch the user to a different tab because its index changed.

TAB IDS

Use stable internal IDs such as:

postcards
memories
plans
stamps
map

Do not use array position as the tab identity.

DEFAULT / FALLBACK

If a user has no saved Passport tab configuration, use:

Postcards | Memories | Plans | Stamps | Map

If the stored configuration is invalid, incomplete, or contains an old schema version, safely fall back to the default order.

LAYOUT CONFIGURATION

Add the tab order to the existing Passport layout configuration rather than creating a separate disconnected preference system.

Conceptually:

{
  "version": 1,
  "tabOrder": [
    "postcards",
    "memories",
    "plans",
    "stamps",
    "map"
  ]
}

Keep the architecture versioned for future Passport tabs.

DO NOT

Do not duplicate tab screens.

Do not create five new sources of truth.

Do not change the underlying Postcards, Memories, Plans, Stamps, or Map data logic.

Do not break deep links or navigation to specific Passport tabs.

Do not hide owner data simply because a tab was reordered.

For V1, all five core tabs should remain available; users can reorder them but not remove them entirely.

VALIDATE

Confirm:

1. Default order is Postcards, Memories, Plans, Stamps, Map.
2. Owner can reorder tabs.
3. Order saves permanently.
4. Order persists after app restart.
5. Order syncs across devices.
6. Public viewers see the owner's chosen order.
7. Active tab is preserved by stable ID.
8. Tab content is unchanged.
9. Reset restores the default order.
10. Invalid saved configurations safely fall back.
11. No duplicate queries or backend sources are introduced.
12. No TypeScript or runtime errors are introduced.